Add documentation about using custom queries in DCA with DatadogMetric CRD (#7839)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/cluster_agent/external_metrics.md

- The maximum number of replicas created is `5`, and the minimum is `1`.
- The metric used is `nginx.net.request_per_s`, and the scope is `kube_container_name: nginx`. This metric format corresponds to the Datadog one.

Every 30 seconds, Kubernetes queries the Datadog Cluster Agent to get the value of this metric and autoscales proportionally if necessary. For advanced use cases, it is possible to have several metrics in the same HPA. As you can see [in the Kubernetes horizontal pod autoscaling documentation][9], the largest of the proposed values is the one chosen.

**Note**: Running multiple Cluster Agents will raise API usage. The Datadog Cluster Agent completes 120 calls per hour for approximately 45 HPA objects in Kubernetes. Running more than 45 HPAs will increase the number of calls when fetching metrics from within the same org.

## Autoscaling with custom queries using DatadogMetric CRD (Cluster Agent >= v1.7.0)

In some autoscaling scenarios, you may want to provide your own Datadog query to scale on, that's possible thanks to the `DatadogMetric` CRD and Datadog Cluster Agent >= 1.7.0.

### Custom query requirements

> In order for autoscaling to work properly, the query must follow some rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For autoscaling to work correctly, the query must follow these rules:
```

- The query **must** be syntactically correct, otherwise it will prevent the refresh of **ALL** metrics used for autoscaling (effectively stopping autoscaling).

> - The query result **must** yield only 1 serie in output (otherwise, the results are considered invalid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query result **must** output only one series (otherwise, the results are considered invalid).
```

### Set up an HPA to use a DatadogMetric object

Once the set up step is done, you can start creating `DatadogMetric` resources. `DatadogMetric` is a namespaced resource. While any HPA can reference any `DatadogMetric`, we recommend creating them in same namespace as your HPA.

**Note**: Multiple HPAs can use the same `DatadogMetric`.

You can create a `DatadogMetric` with the following manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogMetric
metadata:
  name: <your_datadogmetric_name>
spec:
  query: <your_custom_query>
```

**Example**: A `DatadogMetric` object to autoscale an NGINX deployment based on the `nginx.net.request_per_s` Datadog metric:

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogMetric
metadata:
  name: nginx-requests
spec:
  query: max:nginx.net.request_per_s{kube_container_name:nginx}.rollup(60)
```

Once your `DatadogMetric` is created, you need to configure your HPA to use this `DatadogMetric`:

```yaml
spec:
  metric:
    - type: External
      external:
      metricName: "datadogmetric@<namespace>:<datadogmetric_name>"
```

> **Example**: An HPA using the `DatadogMetric` named `nginx-requests`, aussming both objects are in namespace `nginx-demo`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**: An HPA using the `DatadogMetric` named `nginx-requests`, assuming both objects are in namespace `nginx-demo`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2beta1
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: nginxext
spec:
  minReplicas: 1
  maxReplicas: 3
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: nginx
  metrics:
  - type: External
    external:
      metricName: datadogmetric@nginx-demo:nginx-requests
      targetAverageValue: 9
```

Once you've linked your HPA to a `DatadogMetric`, the Datadog Cluster Agent will start using your custom query to provide values to your HPA.

### Automatic migration of existing HPAs using external metrics

> You may wonder what happens when you set `DD_EXTERNAL_METRICS_PROVIDER_USE_DATADOGMETRIC_CRD` to `true` and you still have HPAs that do **not** reference a `DatadogMetric`. The answer is that normal syntax (without referencing a `DatadogMetric` through `datadogmetric@...`) is still supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set `DD_EXTERNAL_METRICS_PROVIDER_USE_DATADOGMETRIC_CRD` to `true` but you still have HPAs that do **not** reference a `DatadogMetric`,  normal syntax (without referencing a `DatadogMetric` through `datadogmetric@...`) is still supported.
```

The Datadog Cluster Agent will take care of automatically creating `DatadogMetric` resources in its own namespace (their name starts with `dcaautogen-`) to accomodate this, it allows a smooth transition to `DatadogMetric`.

> If you choose to migrate an HPA later on to reference a `DatadogMetric`, the automatically generated resource will be cleaned up by Datadog Cluster Agent after few hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to migrate an HPA later on to reference a `DatadogMetric`, the automatically generated resource will be cleaned up by the Datadog Cluster Agent after few hours.
```

### Troublehsooting DatadogMetric issues

The Datadog Cluster Agent will take care of updating the `status` subresource of all `DatadogMetric` resources to reflect results from queries to Datadog. This is the main source of information to understand what happens if something is failing.

**Example**: `status` part of a `DatadogMetric`:

```yaml
status:
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "2020-06-22T14:38:21Z"
    lastUpdateTime: "2020-06-25T09:21:00Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Active
  - lastTransitionTime: "2020-06-25T09:00:00Z"
    lastUpdateTime: "2020-06-25T09:21:00Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Valid
  - lastTransitionTime: "2020-06-22T14:38:21Z"
    lastUpdateTime: "2020-06-25T09:21:00Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Updated
  - lastTransitionTime: "2020-06-25T09:00:00Z"
    lastUpdateTime: "2020-06-25T09:21:00Z"
    status: "False"
    type: Error
  currentValue: "1977.2"
```

> The 4 conditions give you insights on the current state of your `DatadogMetric`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The four conditions give you insights on the current state of your `DatadogMetric`:
```

> - `Active`: We consider a `DatadogMetric` active if at least one HPA is referencing it. Inactive `DatadogMetrics` won't be updated to minimize API usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Active`: Datadog considers a `DatadogMetric` active if at least one HPA is referencing it. Inactive `DatadogMetrics` won't be updated to minimize API usage.
```

> - `Valid`: We consider a `DatadogMetric` valid when Datadog answer for the associated query is valid. An invalid status probably means that your custom query is not semantically correct. See the `Error` field for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Valid`: Datadog considers a `DatadogMetric` valid when the answer for the associated query is valid. An invalid status probably means that your custom query is not semantically correct. See the `Error` field for details.
```

> - `Updated`: This condition is **always** updated when Datadog Cluster Agent touches a `DatadogMetric`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Updated`: This condition is **always** updated when the Datadog Cluster Agent touches a `DatadogMetric`.
```

**Note**: Running multiple Cluster Agents will raise API usage. The Datadog Cluster Agent completes 120 calls per hour for approximately 45 HPA objects in Kubernetes. Running more than 45 HPAs will increase the number of calls when fetching metrics from within the same org.

## Autoscaling with custom queries using DatadogMetric CRD (Cluster Agent >= v1.7.0)

In some autoscaling scenarios, you may want to provide your own Datadog query to scale on, that's possible thanks to the `DatadogMetric` CRD and Datadog Cluster Agent >= 1.7.0.

### Custom query requirements

In order for autoscaling to work properly, the query must follow some rules:
* The query **must** be syntactically correct, otherwise it will prevent the update of **ALL** metrics used for autoscaling.
* The query result **must** yield only 1 serie in output (otherwise, the results are considered invalid).
* The query **should** yield at least two timestamped points (it's possible to use a query that returns a single point, though in this case, autoscaling may use incomplete points).

> **Note**: While the query is arbitrary, the start end end times are still set at `Now() - 5 minutes` and `Now()`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: While the query is arbitrary, the start and end times are still set at `Now() - 5 minutes` and `Now()`
```

### Set up Datadog Cluster Agent to use DatadogMetric

To activate usage of `DatadogMetric` CRD, follow these extra steps:

1. Install the `DatadogMetric` CRD in your cluster.

    ```shell
    kubectl apply -f "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/master/deploy/crds/datadoghq.com_datadogmetrics_crd.yaml"
    ```

2. Update Datadog Cluster Agent RBAC manifest, it has been updated to allow usage of `DatadogMetric` CRD.

    ```shell
    kubectl apply -f "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/master/Dockerfiles/manifests/cluster-agent/agent-rbac.yaml"
    ```

> 3. Set the `DD_EXTERNAL_METRICS_PROVIDER_USE_DATADOGMETRIC_CRD` to `true` in the deployment of the Datadog Cluster Agent.

Reviewer 2: would be nice to mention how to enable it using the helm chart and the operator since we have dedicated fields for this feature.

Author: The thing is, the whole document should be updated to mention Helm and Operator :(

Reviewer 2: hah I see
 @cohenyair in case we want backlog this for the docs team maybe?

Reviewer: I added this to the list for our planned operator docs updates

### Set up an HPA to use a DatadogMetric object

Once the set up step is done, you can start creating `DatadogMetric` resources. `DatadogMetric` is a namespaced resource. While any HPA can reference any `DatadogMetric`, we recommend creating them in same namespace as your HPA.

**Note**: Multiple HPAs can use the same `DatadogMetric`.

You can create a `DatadogMetric` with the following manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogMetric
metadata:
  name: <your_datadogmetric_name>
spec:
  query: <your_custom_query>
```

> **Example**: A `DatadogMetric` object to autoscale off an NGINX deployment based off of the `nginx.net.request_per_s` Datadog metric:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example**: A `DatadogMetric` object to autoscale off an NGINX deployment based on the `nginx.net.request_per_s` Datadog metric:
```
?
